Previously on
Dexter: Original Sin...
- [screaming]
- [Dexter] Harry's all I've got,
and you tried
to take him away from me.
[muffled scream]
[Dexter]
My first trophies.
I didn't know it then,
but it would end up
being a terrible mistake.
[Deb]
How much can I get for these?
Earrings are fake.
I can't give you
anything for them.
Hey, if you don't want
those earrings,
- can I have them?
- Knock yourself out.
- Deb.
- [Andy] Dude!
Get the fuck out of here!
[people gasping]
- [panting]
- [Sofia] I used to make fun
of you, but that in there,
that was, wow.
[Spencer] We've been unable
to flip any of the Colombians,
so we need a new way in.
Someone who can move up,
get an audience with Estrada.
[Spencer]
Find someone you can trust.
Uh, that is my son Brian.
This little angel's Dexter.
Hello, Dexter.
[Dexter] So many killers
still on the street,
free to do it again.
[Dexter]
So, you knew him?
[Batista] He borrowed money
from the wrong guy.
Scumbag named
"Handsome" Tony Ferrer.
So, Ferrer goes to Rene's house,
put a gun
next to his head, fired,
told him that if he didn't have
his money by Friday,
the next bullet
was gonna be in his skull.
After Ferrer left,
Rene saw that the bullet
went through the wall
and hit his mom in the head.
She died instantly.
Hey, Sarge, have you heard
about Judge Powell's kid?
Reported missing.
Hello? Can I go home?
- [blade slices]
- [screaming]
♪ percussive music ♪
♪
[mosquito buzzing]
[knife sharpening]
♪
♪ dark, eerie music ♪
[Spencer]
This heinous act,
the abduction
and mutilation
of a defenseless child
is not only an assault
on this family,
it is an attack
on the entire city of Miami.
Jimmy was last seen walking
to Saint Theresa
Catholic School alone,
Thursday at 7 a.m.
[Dexter]
A finger in a box.
It should've excited me.
The close-up work
of a fellow monster.
But a child's finger...
Hey. You okay, son?
I'm fine.
Harry was worried
it would bring up my past,
unearth buried trauma.
All I knew was...
I wanted blood.
Investigators are
currently canvassing
the surrounding neighborhoods,
seeking witnesses.
If anyone has information,
please contact the tip hotline.
[TV reporter]
Have there been any demands
from whoever did this?
No messages at all.
[Dexter] That's because
the finger was the message.
It would take about seven pounds
of pressure
to cut through a bone
of this diameter.
A child's bone.
Clean cut. No hesitation.
Probably used
something spring-loaded.
Pruning shears.
And whoever did this
is accustomed to violence.
♪
Judge Powell has a long history
of coming down hard
on the cartels.
Could this be retaliation?
We're looking at everything.
While this act is
incomprehensible to all of us,
no one feels Jimmy's loss
more deeply than his family.
We want to assure
the Miami community
we are doing everything we can
to resolve this case.
And we will bring
this perpetrator to justice.
To the individual responsible,
I will not stop
until Jimmy has been
safely returned to his family.
If you do not release him,
you will pay the ultimate price.
♪ tense, atmospheric music ♪
♪
[Sofia]
Did you hear?
Scout from FSU's gonna be
at the tournament games.
No shit?
Now I have to make
playoff captain.
Mm-hmm.
That would basically
seal my scholarship.
Twat.
[Sofia] I can't believe
that's your competition.
It's really bullshit.
Mopped the courts
with her ass all season,
- and coach knows it.
- Yeah, well,
when Daddy's buying
the uniforms...
We all know what's up, though.
The girls will vote for you.
Not with Tiff doing
a full-court press.
She's having a pool party
this weekend
while her parents are in Aspen.
Fucking lame. Should we crash?
- Drop a deuce in her hot tub?
- [stifled laugh]
Fuck that.
I ain't kissing the ring.
Slasher movie night
at my place instead?
Hells yeah.
[Jen]
Wait, so no coke?
[Daniela] Thought you said
your brother had the hookup.
He did, but his friend's dry.
I'll have plenty
of booze, though.
[Deb]
I can get coke.
Horror movie night at my place?
- [Jen] Cool.
- [Daniela] Awesome.
Wasn't your dad, like,
a literal narc?
It's cool if you're scared.
- [Jen] You scared?
- [laughter]
How in the hell
are you gonna score coke?
Fuck if I know.
[reporter]
Good morning, everyone,
my name is Ricki Spadaccini
and I am reporting live from...
[Batista] No communication
from the kidnappers.
No ransom. No demands.
Definitely feels
like retribution.
I'm sure Powell's made
his share of enemies
during his career.
Yeah, Missing Suspects
has a slog ahead of them.
The suspect list
must be, like, a mile long.
Well, let's just pray
this doesn't
end up at Homicide, gentlemen.
- [elevator bell dings]
- We also have people here
from San Diego.
♪ slow, sultry music ♪
♪
Oh, uh... You guys carry on.
I got this one.
Watch and learn, boys.
[Maria]
Do you work here?
Uh, yeah. Forensics.
Uh, he works over there,
but I can help you.
Detective Batista. Angel.
Though the name's a misnomer.
Where's my desk?
Hmm? What's that?
Detective Maria LaGuerta.
I work here now, and I don't
- fraternize with colleagues.
- Oh.
Well.
There she is,
the woman of the hour.
I see you all met
Maria LaGuerta.
You know, typically, I'd say
a few words of introduction,
but better to introduce you with
your own words, and I quote,
from the Miami Herald,
"Miami Metro has let
a number of homicide cases
slip through the cracks.
Mainly drug users, sex workers
and the homeless.
They're known internally
as N.H.I.s,
'no human involved.'
Needless to say,
there needs to be a reckoning.
No one life has more value
than the next."
So, the commissioner
has sent her here
to clean things up.
[laughs]
Thank God.
- Mm.
- So, did you forget your little
crusader cape in the car?
What can I say?
I don't back down
from the difficult questions.
Well, that is funny,
because before yesterday,
no one was asking
those questions.
My point exactly.
- [slaps paper]
- Back to work, everybody.
So, since you have a hard-on
for cold cases, Maria,
there's a pile of paperwork
over there
that needs transcribing
for the new electronic database.
It's "Detective," Captain.
Uh, what's his deal?
Why is he so mad?
Eh, she took it
outside of the family.
Us cops,
we look out for our own.
[exclaims]
♪ quiet, thoughtful music ♪
[Dexter]
"Look out for our own."
I was dying to.
Starting with taking care
of Batista's one-that-got-away,
Tony Ferrer.
- [knocking on door]
- Yeah.
- Hi.
- Hey.
I, uh...
saw the press conference
this morning.
Pretty sick bastard
who'd do that thing to a kid.
A fucking ballsy fucker.
- Mm-hmm.
- A judge's kid?
Hmm.
Becca and I go back
with the Powells.
Our kids play
Little League together.
Oh, I forgot, uh,
you got a trial date
for that piece of shit
Levi Reed,
- your home invasion killer.
- Not a day too soon.
His girlfriend,
she give you anything?
[chuckles]
She was so fucking high,
she didn't even know
what day of the week it was.
- It's gonna be a slam dunk.
- Ah.
- Do me a favor, close the door.
- Yes, sir.
Keep an eye
on the new detective.
Maria.
I don't trust her.
- I gathered.
- She's a climber.
She wanted a spot on Homicide,
smeared us in the press
and forced me to hire her.
- If she slips up--
- I'll come directly to you.
Precisely.
♪ upbeat, lively music ♪
♪
[Dexter]
Tony Ferrer.
Alias: "Handsome" Tony.
♪ slow, suspenseful music ♪
[Dexter] Preyed upon
people in his own community.
Lent them money
they could never repay,
then got rid of them
after he'd wrung them dry.
Hey. Mira.
Looks like you
and your alligator shoes
will be busy for a while.
[engine starts]
♪
[Dexter]
Rule number two of the code...
...never kill an innocent.
♪ upbeat, whimsical music ♪
♪
[Dexter] The man
liked to indulge himself.
Jai alai. Tomorrow.
[male voice]
Honey, I'm home.
♪ tense, eerie music ♪
♪
Honey, I'm home.
[squawks]
[warbles]
Hmm.
Honey, I'm home.
[Dexter]
Polly want a killer?
- [wolf whistles]
- [chuckles softly]
Do you want to come in?
[parrot squawks]
[parrot]
Pretty bird.
[parrot squawks]
♪ eerie music ♪
♪
Tony was a man who loved
to keep people indebted to him.
Years of payments.
No end in sight.
They'd never be free.
Isabella and Luis.
Paid in full?
Or paid dearly?
[squawks]
[parrot squawks]
[typing on keyboard]
[Dexter]
Isabella. Bingo.
Address matched.
Left for work at Mama's Bakery
one night and never returned.
Her family
reported her missing...
Luis. Died of sepsis from
two untreated broken legs.
[scoffs]
Broken legs.
The kind of thing you get
when you're consistently late
with payments.
I hadn't found Ferrer's gun,
but one thing was clear:
Borrowing from "Handsome" Tony
was risky business.
[grunts]
[sighs quietly]
Hey, you wouldn't know where
I could score a fake ID?
[scoffs] You know
who you're talking to?
I'm like the da Vinci
of identity fraud.
Don't worry,
Tanya can't hear us.
Twenty bucks.
Uh, I only have ten.
Hmm.
Which means you owe me.
Big-time.
Be prepared to pay the piper,
my friend.
Write down your info.
What do you need this for, uh,
"Patrick Bateman"?
Why not Dexter Morgan?
Dad's a cop. Same last name.
I get caught, he looks bad.
What, you planning on committing
a crime or something?
[laughs] No. Uh, just trying
to party tonight.
Got to be of age.
I had no idea
you liked to get down.
You and me,
Titty Tuesdays next week.
Half-priced lap dances
at Stir Crazy.
Sounds...
[Dexter]
Terrible.
...fun.
Masuka, stop inviting people
to Titty Tuesday.
No one wants to go.
Guess she can hear us. Oopsie.
Congratulations, Patrick.
You're 24.
♪ upbeat rumba music ♪
[singing in Spanish]
[sizzling]
Great.
Breakfast for dinner again.
None of that turkey bacon
bullshit, thank you.
I'm gonna change.
I smell like ass.
Hey, Dex.
I haven't seen you since, like,
what, Andy's party?
Yep.
Hear you're a cop now.
That mean you wear a uniform?
Not a cop. An intern.
In forensic pathology.
♪ intense, haunting music ♪
Those earrings.
Where'd you get them?
[Sofia]
Deb gave them to me.
You like?
Very much. Uh...
♪ "Unbelievable"
by EMF ♪
♪
Shit, Dex! Knock much?
Get the fuck out of my room.
You stole my earrings.
What're you gonna do with them, anyway?
It's not like
you have a girlfriend.
You wouldn't know your dick
from your ear.
You guys--
- You guys?
- Get them back for me. Now.
Okay. I can help you
get them back.
If you do something for me.
I need coke for my party
this weekend.
Can you hook that up for me?
No way.
Then consider your
little earrings gone for good.
[Sofia]
Guys, really.
Okay, fine. I'll help you.
Sweet. Grab me after practice
tomorrow,
and we'll handle everything.
♪ The things you say ♪
♪ Before I love you more ♪
♪ The things you say... ♪
Wait. Was he talking about me?
[laughs]
♪ You're unbelievable ♪
♪ Oh! ♪
♪
♪ You're unbelievable ♪
[Sofia sighs]
[Harry]
Hey, Dex, you feeling all right?
- You haven't touched your food.
- Huh?
Your food.
[Deb] Dad, still working
a double this weekend?
Yeah, honey. Why?
Mind if I have some girls
from the team over?
Pizza, movies, nothing crazy.
Yeah, sounds great. Sure.
[Harry grunts]
So, I, uh, noticed
you and Sofia...
admiring each other.
- Huh?
- At dinner.
I get it, she's cute.
- Oh. Uh...
- You gonna ask her out?
[Dexter]
The gift and curse of having
a detective for a father.
Uh, no, that isn't...
I wasn't...
She's wearing my earrings.
What do you mean
"your earrings"?
Nurse Mary's earrings.
That I took from her, after...
What?
Well, I hid them in my room.
Deb must've been snooping.
And then she gave them
to Sofia, which is--
Those earrings are evidence.
What is the first goddamn rule
of the code?
Don't get caught.
Why did you take them?
I wanted to remember.
Remember what?
The kill.
[scoffs softly]
[sighs] Oh, my God.
[exhales]
They're trophies.
[forced laugh]
[grunts] That's sick.
Everything we're doing...
The code, all of it,
is to make sure
you are different from
the people that you killed.
You don't need
that kind of thing.
Remembering helps me...
...keep my urges at bay.
No. No, no, no.
It's too risky, okay?
You get those earrings back,
and you get rid of them.
- Are we clear?
- Crystal.
All right, get out of here.
[Harry sighs]
Uh, hey, I, uh...
was gonna go out tonight.
Really? Where?
Jai alai. There's a big match.
Should be intense.
Jai alai? I can't even get you
to watch football.
Stumbled across it,
and it sparked my interest.
Okay.
Fine, it's about time you had
some other distractions.
Thanks, Dad.
♪ light, whimsical music ♪
♪
[engine starts]
[laughs softly]
[static screeching]
[door opens]
[exhales shakily]
I haven't worn a suit
since my grandmother's funeral.
What's with the getup?
Well, we have a list
of high-end buyers
we want to take down.
You'll be selling to them, so...
you have to look like money.
Here for Dr. Morrison.
A bit more discretion, huh?
[Harry] When you get the cash,
you bring it back here,
we'll mark it.
This way, we know everyone
who's touched it,
all the way up the ladder.
Speaking of the ladder,
the farther and faster you
get us to the top of it,
to Estrada to be exact,
the sooner this city is safe
from animals just like him.
Get in, get out quickly.
Keep the conversation
about business.
No chitchat.
♪ tense music ♪
And remember
why you're doing this.
We kept you out of jail.
Got you home to your kids.
Now you're gonna help us
take down these motherfuckers.
[crowd cheering]
[announcer] To the backcourt.
Make that cortada go.
[crowd cheering, booing]
[announcer] He fires deep,
looking for the chula.
[announcer]
Oh! Nice save by Josjuan.
[announcer] Manolo now
takes it to the front court.
Fires the carom.
[players grunting]
[announcer]
Fumbles there.
[continues indistinctly]
Manolo makes an incredible
catch and fires.
[organ music playing]
Killer game.
Who you betting on?
I don't gamble.
Me, neither.
Just here for the sportsmanship.
You play?
I wish.
Spectator only.
There are more jai alai frontons
in Florida
than anywhere the world.
- Interesting.
- [whistle blows]
[player grunts]
- [crowd] Oh!
- Oh, shit! [laughs]
You see that? The ball
almost knocked his head off!
Rubber, linen, and two layers
of hardened goat skin.
That's what the ball's made of.
[announcer speaking
indistinctly]
[snaps fingers]
Uh, nice shoes.
[Tony]
Alligator. Custom.
Like butter, only softer.
[exhales]
Too rich for my blood.
Work hard, play hard.
Sorry, I didn't catch your name.
- Patrick.
Nice chatting with you.
- I'm gonna make--
- Wait.
[laughs]
How do they keep score
in jai alai?
Huh?
You're not here for the game.
How much you need?
[sighs]
All right.
Guilty.
My buddy, Jorge Ruiz,
said you could lend me
some cash.
♪ tense music ♪
Handsome Tony, right?
I need 300.
Next time, shoot straight, huh?
Is this for dope?
- Uh...
- 'Cause I don't lend to junkies.
No, f-for a job interview.
I need a new suit.
And gas.
And shoes.
Shoes make the man.
Let's make it an even 500, huh?
The vig is ten percent.
The first payment is due Friday
at Ernie's Taproom,
8 p.m.
Miss a payment and it's
ten percent more each week.
Are we good?
Great.
No extensions.
No exceptions. ¿Comprendes?
I understand.
Yeah?
Identification, please.
This is how I know
who I'm dealing with.
And how you know
who you're dealing with.
[Dexter]
Oh, I know who I'm dealing with.
♪
Hope you get that job,
Mr. Bateman.
You'll be the first to know.
[crowd cheering]
♪ upbeat music ♪
You never did tell me
why you have such a hard-on
for those earrings.
Why do you need 'em back so bad?
They have sentimental value.
"Sentimental value"?
Bullshit.
You used your high school
diploma as a coaster.
Come on.
Where'd you get them?
Dex?
[sighs]
I got them for Mom.
For Mother's Day.
- But...
- Oh.
Well, trust me.
This is the move.
Get Sofia a new pair.
She won't even remember those.
Fine, but what if she thinks
I like her?
That's the point, doof.
Think about
how much fun it'll be.
Going on double dates together.
My brother and my bestie.
Of course, I'll have to bag
a boyfriend of my own first.
Ooh. How about these?
What is she, four?
Put a little thought into it.
Right there.
Her birthstone.
What's that?
You know, each month of the year
has its own gemstone.
It's kind of like the Zodiac.
The Zodiac? Geez, read a book,
why don't you?
Like, I'm a Sagg,
which means I'm passionate
and free-spirited
and I don't mince words.
Sounds right.
Fuck you.
You're an Aquarius, which means
you're creative and smart.
Well, I guess
they don't always hit the mark.
Here we go.
Sofia was born in December.
Ergo: turquoise.
Good to have them wrapped.
Whoa.
Where'd you get that?
- [register dings]
- I'm a working man now.
Shit.
Who knew filing blood
and jizz was such great money?
[vendor]
Here you go. All set.
What's really in this for you?
Why do you want me and Sofia
together so much?
Like I said, you're weird,
but I have fun hanging.
Do you even remember
the last time
we were shopping here together?
- No.
- Well, I'll give you a hint.
I was three,
and Santa was right over there.
Okay.
We'll see how this goes.
Fucking great, that's how.
Now...
I did my part.
You're squared away.
Time to return the favor.
You said you'd help me buy coke.
Real coke,
not pawn off some fake shit.
Technically,
I said I'd help you.
And if your friends think
it's coke...
...it's coke.
Caffeine Boost and benzocaine?
Same effect.
You better be fucking right.
I was pre-med, remember?
Hand me that knife.
♪ lighthearted music ♪
[smacks lips]
More caffeine.
[chuckles softly]
So, what's all this
about anyway?
You don't do cocaine.
Not that you would get it,
but this party's a score for me.
The girls will finally be
at my place,
and they'll vote me
playoff captain.
And Tiff can eat a dick.
♪ upbeat rumba music ♪
♪
- Sergeant Morgan?
- Uh, Harry, please.
I just finished entering
the cold-case files
into the electronic database.
I was thinking
I could head into Overtown.
See if I can find
some witnesses.
- For your N.H.I.
- You are fast.
Would've taken me three days
to enter all that data.
Took a computer night course.
Change with the times
or become obsolete, right?
[chuckles]
Yeah.
I could use a coffee. You?
So I, uh, I heard you came
over from El Barrio.
Rough,
hell of a training ground.
Yep, did eight years as a uni.
Last two as a detective.
Narcotics.
I know a thing or two
about that path.
Couldn't have been easy,
being a woman.
How do you take it?
- Just black.
- Hmm.
I can hold my own, yeah.
I come from
a family of fighters.
Besides, whining can be so...
pedestrian.
Don't you think?
Bit of advice?
It's admirable
that you've made homicides
at the bottom of the board
your mission,
but it's not quite as simple
as you made it out to the press.
Homicide has
to allocate its resources
to crimes it can actually solve.
It's not malicious.
Just common-sense policing.
I understand
the concept of triage.
But the cases
on the top of that board
all have one thing in common.
The victims are white.
- [chuckles]
- If a Black boy was kidnapped
in Little Haiti,
do you think they would hold
a press conference
at the courthouse steps?
A dead drug user
might not be breaking news,
but there was still a murder.
And Raul Martinez
was still someone's son.
Look, you want to go
canvass Overtown, be my guest.
My partner and I,
we already worked the area.
Let me tell you
what you'll hear:
"I didn't see a thing."
Respectfully...
that's what you heard.
I'll report back.
♪ contemplative music ♪
Oh. Hey.
- Hey.
- [door closes]
Okay, so...
sold the last ounce.
Now what?
You get a beer.
[can pops open]
Then we start phase two.
You re-up with your regular guy,
Alfredo.
He starts getting nosy
about the boom in business,
you tell him
you've cornered a new market.
Back so soon?
Took Joe twice as long
to move half as much.
I'm more agile
without the dead weight.
I'll take three times my usual.
I don't know if I could do that.
No?
Then get me a meeting
with someone who can.
♪ ominous music ♪
[festive Spanish music
playing over stereo]
♪
[Dexter] Learning
when to take your shot...
...and when to miss was
always something I was good at.
Side pocket.
Tough break, kid.
Job interview, huh?
Where's my cash?
Uh...
He's got it.
Outside.
Now.
[music continues in distance]
Look, uh,
I-I was just trying
to double my money
so I could pay you back.
Get it to you tomorrow
and we're good, right?
No big deal?
This look like
a big deal to you?
Please. Please,
just-just one more day.
I-I won't screw around,
just-just don't hurt me.
♪ dark, atmospheric music ♪
♪
[screams]
Oh, my God!
- [high-pitched ringing]
- Please don't kill me.
[Dexter whimpering]
Tomorrow, you pay what you owe,
or I'll shoot you in the eye.
I will. I swear.
[stammers]
[Dexter panting]
- [car door closes]
- [engine starts]
[tires screech]
♪ upbeat synth music ♪
♪
♪ tense music ♪
[sighs]
You're not trained
on that equipment.
I wanted to learn more
about ballistics.
Thought I'd use the bullets
from an old case
- to teach myself.
- Self-starter.
I was too, at your age.
I had to beg for my job
as an intern.
And then I spent my time
in between coffee runs
sorting semen samples.
That's not a euphemism.
- Didn't think it was.
- Anyway,
that was back in the '70s,
you know, when dinosaurs
roamed the Earth.
Ah.
I think your magnification
might be off. Here.
Try now.
Say when.
[Dexter]
Right there.
[gasps softly]
♪ atmospheric music ♪
♪
[Tanya]
Hmm. Perfect match.
What does that tell you?
Both bullets were fired
by the same gun.
Well done. But next time, ask.
Oh, uh, actually,
I've been meaning to tell you,
you were right.
- About what?
- The M.E. found
traces of WD-40
on Jimmy Powell's finger.
Rat bastard kidnapper
used a multipart garden tool
to cut off
the poor kid's finger.
It's a fucked-up world, Dexter.
Glad you're Team Miami Metro.
Just don't ask me for a raise.
♪ exciting music ♪
♪
[Dexter]
The bullets matched.
The code had been satisfied.
Tony deserved to die.
He fired a warning shot at Rene.
The bullet went through
the wall and killed his mother.
I figured it was his M.O.,
and I was right.
Ferrer could have
blown your head off, Dexter.
What the hell were you thinking?
Well, I was thinking
that I needed to find proof
that Tony fit the code.
Like you taught me to.
Proof that Batista and the rest
of Homicide could never find.
- [sighs]
- And I did.
Why didn't you tell me
what you were doing?
I didn't want to stress you
with my...
problem.
Not until there was
something to report.
I thought it would be enough.
Nurse Mary, the job.
[sighs]
But it isn't?
♪ dark, eerie music ♪
No.
♪
This thing,
this... hunger
that you have inside of you,
it needs a master.
One wrong move,
it all falls apart.
You'll ruin your life,
your sister's, mine.
You'll spend the rest
of your days in prison,
if you're lucky.
From now on, everything you do,
it goes through me first.
Understood.
[sighs]
So, you really want to do this?
Get rid of Ferrer?
Yeah. Tonight.
If I don't,
he'll kill someone else.
Maybe even me.
Do it.
- But I'm coming with you.
- What? No.
To make sure
there are no mistakes.
You can't handle it, Dad.
It's not you.
This is who I am.
Who I need to be.
♪
We've trained.
I got this.
Okay.
But just be careful, all right?
Do everything
the way we practiced.
No shortcuts.
And no fucking trophies.
Did you get Nurse Mary's
earrings back?
The plan's in motion.
Go on.
Go.
[Harry] Okay.
What you pick up on this wire,
we'll present in court
when we make our case
against Estrada.
I don't think I can do this.
[scoffs]
You have to do this, Laura.
Not just because
of our arrangement,
but because...
...what you're doing here
is good.
You're making Miami
safer for everyone.
For your boys.
Come on, you've already
done the hard part.
You've got these guys
eating out of your hand.
Just stay cool.
Business as usual.
Okay.
[Aldana over wire]
If this is good shit,
you'll be hearing from me again.
[Laura over wire]
You won't be disappointed.
[static crackling]
Adjust...
[Aldana] Thank you for driving
all this way, Ms. Moser.
[Laura] It's been a pleasure,
Councilman Aldana.
Call me Carlos.
Carlos.
[Bobby]
Potholes on my street
and this cabrón is spending
my tax dollars on blow.
We should clip his ass
right now.
[chuckles]
Soon, but not yet.
Got to keep our eyes
on the prize.
Hector Estrada.
What the fuck?
- Oh, shit.
- Who's that?
♪ tense music ♪
♪
[Santos]
Get in the fucking car, now.
Uh...
- Yep.
- All right.
Don't let them get away.
Come on.
Go, go, go, go, go.
All right,
they're just three cars up.
- You see them?
- Yeah, I got them. I got them.
♪ tense, pulsing music ♪
♪
You clean up nice.
[Laura scoffs]
Get your hands off me.
Shit, they're gonna
find her wire.
Hey. I said get
your fucking hands off of me.
You want a better look, asshole?
[laughs softly]
It came to my attention
that you've been
very industrious as of late.
[static crackles]
Is this
a congratulatory meeting?
Your boyfriend Joe
got clipped by the cops.
[softly]
Shit.
How the fuck did you skate?
Bruised ribs
and a chipped tooth didn't hurt.
[laughs softly]
Pigs love a damsel in distress.
Mom of two, punching bag
to a junkie ex-con.
What was I gonna do?
Tell Joe no?
♪
What's with
the increased demand?
Been selling
to higher-end clientele.
Doctors, lawyers.
Big-money shit,
instead of selling to lowlives
like Joe did.
[Diego]
And how did you acquire such
distinguished clientele?
[Laura] I used to bartend.
Plenty of high rollers
- like yourself in VIP.
- [tires skid]
- [truck beeping]
- Get the fuck out of the way!
Bartending? Whereabouts?
- [Bobby] Come on.
- Come on, move it!
I could move even more
if you'd stop rationing it out.
- [Bobby] Let's go.
- All right, go, go, go.
[tires screech]
[Harry]
Shit!
[Diego]
You didn't answer my question.
[static crackles]
- I'm calling for backup.
- [Bobby] Laura can hold her own.
- Come on, she's alone out there.
- [stammers]
- H-Hey.
- She's alone.
She'll get it done.
[static crackling]
[truck beeping]
♪
[Deb] I got big cheese pizza,
lemon-pepper wings
and Mrs. Fields cookies.
Booyah. These girls
are gonna cream themselves.
Not to mention your appetizer.
We need a mirror
and razor blades.
That's how they do it
on Miami Vice.
[clicks tongue]
Fuck yeah. Be right back.
[door opens]
Oh.
Hey, Dex.
Thank you for hooking us up
with those party favors.
You really saved our asses.
Oh. Glad I could help.
What's that?
Uh, this is for you.
For me?
[Dexter]
Yeah, that's your, uh--
Oh, my birthstone.
How did you know?
♪ gentle, whimsical music ♪
♪
Give these back to Deb.
[exhales]
What do you think?
Good.
Yeah. Really...
blue, green, turquoise.
[laughs softly]
[doorbell ringing]
First arrivals.
Boss Bitch Morgan
on the campaign trail.
- Let's fucking go.
- [Sofia chuckles]
[upbeat dance music playing]
- Welcome in, ladies!
- Hey!
[overlapping chatter]
- Wow.
- Ladies, come over here.
- That is beautiful.
- [Deb] Oh, thank you, thank you.
Please.
[excited chatter]
Are you ladies ready to party?
[whooping, cheering]
- [snorting]
- Wow, Dani.
Whoo! That's some pure shit!
[laughing]
[sniffs]
Oh, hell yeah.
[laughs]
Good looking out
for your friends, Morgan.
You want to get in on this?
[sniffs]
Two steps ahead of you.
[laughs]
Got to go...
[Dexter]
...take out the trash.
Okay, your turn.
[exhales]
Dex!
[scoffs]
Running off?
I didn't even get
to thank you...
- properly.
- Huh.
God, you are so fucking sexy.
- Uh...
- What?
Oh, my God, do I have
Cheeto breath?
No.
No, your breath is... good.
Uh, I just have to go
run an errand.
Now.
[laughs]
Okay.
Um...
Uh-huh.
[engine starts]
♪ ominous music ♪
♪
[creaking]
Hello?
Please, I wanted--
[screams]
[Maria]
Sólo un semestre más.
Sigue adelante.
Obtenga su licencia
de enfermería.
No para tu bebé
sino para ti.
I'll get you a list
of shelters within the hour.
Gracias, Maria. De verdad.
[elevator bell dings]
A witness for your
Overtown N.H.--
The Martinez case.
So, you got somebody to talk?
I did.
Um, the witness saw
a black and gold
Pontiac Grand Am.
Didn't get the plates.
- It's a crumb, but--
- It's good work, Detective.
What can I do to help?
You want me
to compile a list of vehicles
that match the description?
Thanks, but I've got it covered.
Hmm.
[sighs]
Still nothing?
Shit. You know what?
I-I'm going after her.
Bobby, I know,
I don't care,
she's been gone too long.
I want you to put out a BOLO.
- [door opening]
- Yeah--
Scratch that. She's here.
[laughs]
[sighs]
Oh, God.
I was sick to my stomach.
Oh, fuck.
Listen, I'm-I'm sorry,
I-I shouldn't have left you
alone, that was a mistake,
- I should've--
- We're in.
I got a meeting with Zenny.
[laughing]
- Oh, God. Attagirl!
- [laughs]
Hey, um,
I'm sorry about Joe.
I-I didn't know that he put
his hands on you.
- It was bullshit.
- [chuckles]
Chipped my tooth
in fourth grade.
Pogo stick.
[chuckles]
Um, I should get you home.
Your boys are probably
worried about you.
The babysitter's with them
for another hour...
No, I think,
I think we should go.
[Tony]
Honey, I'm home!
¿Mija? Where'd you go?
[parrot squawking]
Coño, mi amor.
How the fuck did you get out?
[grunting]
[yelling]
[Dexter panting]
[parrot]
Honey, I'm home!
[squawks]
[squawking]
Find yourself a new home, honey.
♪ whimsical music ♪
♪
- [grunting]
- [loud thudding]
[thudding continues]
B-Bateman?
I've never been big into sports,
but I got to admit,
great way to let off steam.
No, no! Jesus.
[grunts]
[gasps]
Let's talk about the people
you hurt.
The ones you sucked dry.
Luis.
Isabella.
Rene.
I didn't kill him.
No, but you killed his mother.
And then he killed himself.
Left bullet is from Rene's
mother's head.
Right bullet,
you fired at my head.
- From the same gun.
- No, no.
You're wrong.
You're wrong about this.
You know this thing can travel
at 180 miles per hour?
Could take your head clean off.
Okay, okay, okay.
There were some people
I had to deal with.
But what was I gonna do?
Let them...
Let them spit in my face?
No!
Hello?
Help!
[blade clinks]
[Tony]
Hey, hey, who's that?
Hey! Come on, man.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What are you doing?
Making sure you never
hurt anyone again.
[panting]
Hurt anyone? No, no.
Look, I-I gave those people
an opportunity.
A chance at the American dream.
A chance to make something
of themselves, like I did.
And what did they do?
They piss it away on drugs,
booze, gambling.
Because they're weak,
spineless...
Oh, shit.
Everyone has vices, Tony.
Some of us are just
big enough to admit it.
Okay, wait, wait, wait.
All right.
How much?
Whatever you want, huh?
I can get the cash.
You know I'm good for it, huh?
Unfortunately, unlike you...
...I've got an itch
that money can't scratch.
- No, no...
- [squishes]
[breathing heavily]
♪ slow, eerie music ♪
♪
[Dexter]
Handsome Tony, indeed.
[growls]
[gurgling]
It was a strange feeling
after my second kill.
Like sitting in the gap
between who I was
and who I was becoming.
Alligators eating
alligator shoes.
Circle of life.
♪ "La Pastillita"
by Varadero Beach Allstars ♪
♪ ¿Cómo? ♪
♪
[Dexter]
Debt paid.
So, the earrings, huh?
Told you.
Oh, yeah.
A little gratitude, maybe?
I scored you a hot girlfriend.
Way hotter than you could ever
pull on your own.
My little chicky has
flown the nest.
[chuckles]
Sofia's... nice.
Oh, by the way,
thanks for being cool
in front of the girls.
I know I give you shit,
but I'm sure there are
lamer big brothers out there.
Thanks, Deb.
You want that?
You haven't eaten a bite.
I probably won't eat
until Tuesday.
If my heart doesn't explode
first from that shit you made.
So, you don't want it?
It's all yours.
I know you're still hungry.
Always.
♪
♪ atmospheric music ♪